GitBook: [john_09/20/2020] 13 pages and 3 assets modified (#356)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/deployment/deploying-airbyte/on-gcp-compute-engine.md

## Connect to Airbyte

{% hint style="danger" %}

> For security reasons, we strongly recommend to not expose Airbyte on available Internet ports. Future versions will add support for SSL & Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, we strongly recommend to not expose Airbyte publicly. Future versions will add support for SSL & Authentication.
```

{% endhint %}

* Create ssh tunnel.

```bash
# In your workstation terminal
gcloud --project=$PROJECT_ID beta compute ssh airbyte -- -L 8000:localhost:8000 -L 8001:localhost:8001 -N -f
```

> * Just visit [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) in your browser to start moving some data!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Just visit [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) in your browser and start moving some data!
```
